Add base backend boilerplate (#1)
openfun/warren: README.md

⚠️ This project is a Proof Of Concept not suitable for production yet. ⚠️

## Quick start guide (for developers)

> Once you've cloned the project, it can be boostrap using the eponym GNU Make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've cloned the project, it can be boostrapped using the eponym GNU Make
```

Make target:

```
$ make bootstrap
```

> Once the backend Docker image has been build, you can start the backend server

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the backend Docker image has been built, you can start the backend server
```

using:

```
$ make run
```

> To run tests and linters, there is a command for that! You can list them using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run tests and linters, there are commands for that! You can list them using:
```
